Daddy Pig is
doing the washing this morning.
Daddy, what’s that shirt?
It’s my football shirt.
Daddy’s playing football this afternoon.
Wow!
But first I have to go to work.
See you later! Bye!
Bye-Bye!
Poor Daddy, having to go to work.
Oh, poor Daddy!
Come on! Let’s play!
Yes, let’s play.
Peppa loves jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.
George loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles.
Mummy Pig loves jumping up
Oh, dear.Mummy! We
splashed daddy’s football shirt with mud.
Oh.Don’t worry! We’ll just wash it.
It will be washed in no time.And
daddy won’t know it was ever muddied.
Let’s find more
things to put in the machine.
Oh, my dress is a bit muddy.
Mummy Pig and George
have found more things to wash.
Very good, George.
We put the clothes in here.
And then we switch it down.
The washing machine is
filling up with hot,slippery water.
Splosh. Splosh. Splosh.
The washing machine is
makingthe whole room shake.
Oh, peppa, where’s your dress?
I am washing it.
What? Oh, no.
Look Mummy,
my red dress is all nice and clean.
Yes, Peppa.But look
what’ it done to everything else.
Oh Dear, Peppa’s white dress
has made all the white clothes pink.
Pink isn't a very
good color for a football shirt.
Oh.
Daddy Pig is home from work.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Daddy.
Eh, Daddy Pig, we’ve got
a bit of a problem and mm…
Tell me later, Mummy Pig.
I have to get ready for football.
Now, where’s my football shirt.
Here.
Don’t be silly, Peppa.That’s
one of Mummy’s dresses. It’s Pink.
No, Daddy. It’s your football shirt.
It’s got a bit muddy.
So we wash it.
And it all went a bit wrong. Sorry, Daddy.
But I can’t wear a pink football shirt.
Why not, Daddy? Pink is a lovely color.
What do you think George?  yuk.
George does not like pink.
Here are Daddy Pig’s friends,
Mr. Bull, Mr. Rabbit,
Mr. Pony and Mr. Zebra.
Mm! this Daddy Pig comes at
a parade.He'll just be in a moment.
My team are in white.
I need a white shirt.
But Daddy, you have the white shirt.
Just take off your jacket. See?
Fantastic! Thank you, Peppa.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Daddy Pig.
I like your shirt!
Very smart!
Thank you. Come on, let’s play football.
Yes!
Go!
Hurray!
Daddy, you’ve made your shirt all muddy!
Of course, Peppa.
Football shirts are meant to be muddy.
Daddy Pig loves playing football.
Everyone loves playing football,
especially when it’s muddy.